---
layout: post
title: Jingle Juice for the win - BEST HOLIDAY COCKTAIL
date: 2015-12-19T22:00:00.000Z
categories: ''
---

# &nbsp;

Cocktails anyone? It isn't holiday party without the cider, eggnog, and the festive punch bowl. Today I realized the best holiday cocktail is the kind the jingles.

Jingle juice was a handcrafted beverage I created this Christmas season. The name &nbsp;was created more as joke at first and then stuck through the night because of it's potency.&nbsp;

After spending most of my Friday in party planner mode running all over preparing my building for our annual holiday soir&eacute;e I spent some time prepping the best beverage that I have ever tasted. Not to mention, did I say I made it myself?

I had no idea of was such a mixologist. I am a pintrest queen and I have been spending my evenings before bed pinning my favorite beverages in hopes to take a little bit from each to create a great beverage for the party filled with all the ingredients I really love!

If you go don't like ginger? You have no soul and you can't be my friend. This drink is for ginger lovers only, because the ginger taste is amazing and not to overwhelming. When I say this drink jingles, it is because it has everyone at the party feeling merry and bright after about two glasses. You have been warned.

Perfect mix to this punch is a photo booth with really great props. The next day looking over the evidence can be quite entertaining. Especially if you have boyfriend that is anything like mine. He is photo booth KING. (Thank you Oregon Photo Booth for the great set up, it helped us create the perfect evening. www.oregonphotobooth.com)&nbsp;

> &nbsp;

&nbsp;